it's good
I can recall a group by the name of Fred
Wesley and tagging
good
and I can recover groom but I'll ever be
real
and I can remember we all got together
can't give us enough can't give someone
okay
it's give us about
laughter forget some of the heart
let's give someone
okay okay
yeah
birth
put your hands together mr. friendly
come on stop
I'll stop yo what decide who's
some money I mean
I need some
aah
Oh
wait a minute let me tell you something
you ah
so wonderful billion uh what I'm
listening for you show me more kindness
in it away then I'll never know
all my days ago said that we'll be
together no don't love it forever
because you honorable one but you wanna
know why you wonderful you Father for
one phone whatever why you bother for
why you bother why you bother for one
thing I need somebody again I need
somebody
say bye-bye
what did you say I think I'm good
let me can you sing it
I need Sun I can't say dancing